[Music]
[Applause]
so this is the afterlife that yes and
I've already fulfilled my destiny yes
great can you show me what's come of it
yes
[Music]
wait this this isn't what I what you
expected no but this is the result of
what you've done as part of your destiny
all my life I sought answers as a kid I
read a book that gave me this idea
everything happens for a reason and
everyone has their own destiny since
then I've been seeking mine at first I
was as starry-eyed as any kid I wanted
to have some glorified profession that
involves saving lives and being heroic
once for example I saw a girl who lived
next door calling for her cat it had
climbed a tree and couldn't get down
so I fetched it for and decided I wanted
to become a firefighter then I grew up
and at 15 I realized there were other
ways to help people and that suited me
better I wanted to help people get a
roof over their head that's how I
decided to become an architect I studied
hard and graduated from high school with
flying colors then I faced the first
real obstacle college my family wasn't
rich and my parents couldn't afford
expensive tuition so I applied for a
scholarship then hope for the best and
the miracle happened I got accepted and
that was the point I realized I'd
finally found my destiny I was to become
one of the greatest architects of our
time
give homes to thousands if not millions
of people build a real-estate empire
that no one could rival I could do it
because I was born for it years passed
and my success never faltered I was the
best student of my year and I got a job
at a respectable company fresh after
graduation my bosses noticed my creative
ideas got them to work and within just
two years I grew to a senior architect
in another two years I said my goodbyes
and went on to start my own construction
company soon after that I got married
and we had two wonderful kids son and
daughter I love my family with all my
heart and my wife supported my burning
desire to fulfill my destiny
she believed in my purpose that it was
something special that I was meant to do
great things when I asked her what she
thought her destiny
was she smiled gently and said she was
just about to fulfill it that was days
before the birth of our first child I
still don't know what I did to deserve
that woman I went on with my projects
and my company steadily grew at first we
were just one of many but I had a client
base from my previous job so I had
something to start with in several years
my enterprise grew into something to be
considered and after a few more years we
stood among the biggest players on the
market all this time I didn't let myself
forget my original beliefs I created a
charity foundation and several nonprofit
organizations to help struggling people
get new homes
I never abandoned my dream to make the
world a better place for everyone and so
it went with time my company became a
huge corporation and I was one of the
most prominent people in the country
by the time I grew old my kids were
ready to take the reins so I left it to
them and retired in peace having lived
the rest of my days in a country home
with my dear wife beside me such was my
life I was sure I fulfilled my destiny
until this moment this creature in front
of me resembled a human in shape but was
unlike anything I'd ever seen more like
a mirage than a person and it showed me
my legacy the future of my company and
my family at an increased pace and I
didn't understand what I was seeing or
rather how it could be at first
everything seemed to go well enough my
kids continued my work and the
corporation prospered then they had a
falling out and the crack between them
grew so much that they eventually
divided the company alone they couldn't
manage everything and both their
companies plummeted the charity fund the
nonprofit organizations I'd established
all went under my children and their
employees lost everything and the work
of my life turned into nothing I was
devastated
I couldn't believe it was really what
happened
wasn't it my destiny wasn't it what I
had been meant to do no shot
I looked at the creature what then is
there no destiny at all
there is and you fulfilled it now that
was confusing had it been something I
didn't realize I did or what almost take
a look and he showed me myself climbing
the tree all those decades ago and
wrapping my arms around a frightened
kitty that boy of seven who had been me
returned the cat to its owner she beamed
at him and said thank you
and ran off home and that was all I was
born to rescue a neighbor's cat how does
that qualify as destiny that catch is
saved it had its destiny too later that
day it shattered a pot in the living
room and the girl's mother asked her to
clean the mess when she went to throw
out the shards she met her own destiny
and talked to the mailman delaying him
by exactly two minutes and 33 seconds
then he went on to do what he had been
born for I still didn't get it so it was
all about the mailman then yes but not
only him you as well and the girl and
even the cat and everyone else in the
world and with these words he showed me
the whole planet or rather the outline
of it with shiny little dots all over
the place those dots were people and
animals and they flashed when they
collided with each other each flash
represented one more Destiny Fulfilled
and then they went about their business
as usual I started suspecting something
but I wasn't sure yet I turned to the
creature and saw it was kind of smiling
at me you know what it means you were
right in your childhood
everyone indeed has a purpose something
they were born for but it's not the
labor of their life or something larger
than life itself it's usually a small
thing a trifle reeling and when this
condition is fulfilled everyone is free
to do what they want to do
and then it finally dawned on me all
this time I believed in some kind of a
bigger purpose for myself I created a
picture where I was a hero
a savior of the poor and where destiny
itself helped me on my way but what I
didn't realize was that I was doing what
I could do best and what I wanted to do
the most I was just following my dream
the creature smiled again and nodded
indeed now before we go let me show you
something else you might find it
hardening again the picture appeared in
front of me there was a woman standing
at a window with her back to me
she was looking out at a little boy who
was climbing a nearby tree to rescue a
cat when he got down and gave the kitty
to its owner he saw his mother in the
window and waved to her she waved back
and turned around
[Music]
and I saw it was my daughter